hey what's up everybody I'm Rob and
you're watching man vs. pin going to
show where I find something awesome on
Pinterest and put it to the test
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
today I saw this pin remove red wine
stains using white wine seems like a
miracle sounds like bullshit to me so
we're gonna put it to the test
alright so you're at a party you're
having a good time not a care in the
world and then this happens well some of
the first thing you're gonna want to do
is get yourself a towel or a cloth and
dab the stain don't rub it don't scrub
it just dab it this is the most
important part the whole point is to get
as much of the liquid out as possible
all right we're going to get a little
nerdy and adhere to the scientific
method for a minute now both sides of
the shirt have red wine on them so we're
going to establish one side of the shirt
as our control and the other side of the
shirt as our experiment now if this
party is even halfway decent and it
should be because you're there they'll
probably have white wine as well so get
yourself a glass or a bottle now pour
your white wine on to the one side of
the shirt covering your stain again
you're going to take your towel and
you're going to gently dab the shirt to
soak up as much moisture as possible now
already it looks like the white wine is
diffusing the red wine stand so so far
so good now when it comes to red wine
time is definitely not on your side so
you're going to want to wash this as
quickly as possible running it under
some warm water definitely helps but if
you could find a washing machine that's
the most ideal for experimentals sake I
threw this in the washer along with some
detergent I then followed it up by
throwing it in the dryer now remember to
read your labels on your clothing
because you don't want to this up even
more once it was all dry I took it out
and um well as you can see the stain is
still there on both sides now the white
wine side looks actually like was a
little bit less and to that I will give
this pin credit it's not as bad as the
regular red wine side but still this
shirt looks like it's ruined that shirt
going to Goodwill
you know Goodwill takes stuff like that
in conclusion this pin completely didn't
work the bummer because that was a
pretty nice shirt too oh well if you
have any tips for removing red wine
stains let us know in the comments below
and if you got a pin out there they want
me to try also leave it in the comments
below we'll see you next time
you